Prerelease documentation (#77)
metno/lard: docs/DATABASE.md

# Database

> The database is defined by a set of schemas defined in [/db](/db) each prefixed by a number defining the order in which they should be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database is defined by a set of schemas found in [/db](/db), each prefixed by a number representing the order in which they should be applied.
```

Author: Fixed
